the forklift is a terrific vehicle that can help you with the
its power
or seem a non-dangerous means
marco meoni work equipment if it is not used correctly ho
instead cause serious injuries
most accidents
they are in fact caused precisely by the failure to comply with safety regulations and
to carelessness
voice dante with a forklift
it means deadly consequences
just an excessive speed curve with mail load fixed to cause the
rollover of the trolley
and if you don't have seat belts fastened
you could be crushed 3 the roof a protective cage
solar
the safe use of forklift trucks and therefore always necessary
utmost caution
not how to use a forklift safety
what precautions must be taken
the builders foresee the possible risks for the vehicle they produce and
advise how to use pc s'infuria
for example the use of seat belts
the belts are in fact the easiest way to defend in case of
overturning
to avoid accidents every morning must therefore only be used in the
ways to cookies for which it was designed
beyond the belts
other types of protection can also be provided, for example, of the rings
closed in this case the belt is not necessary
this because
in all workplaces every company is equal its risks and isso ai
particular hair
are a correct assessment of these risks posed by lira as a type of
protection is necessary
and some carts for example the so-called portraits of from warehouse i
Driver restraint systems are not always necessary
in fact they normally work on a chat floor
without a brush
communists of very low turnover
but there are also other risks in the activities of a forklift driver
for example
it may be necessary to install a protection grid on the roof
wear a helmet to protect yourself from falling materials to the other
this is why continuous compliance with the instructions in the manual is necessary
user
and of those you ask received during the training
just knowing the risks of your company and following all these
directions you can use a forklift insecurity
now it's time to take delivery of your vehicle
from now on if you feel responsible for the cart, ask for your girlfriend
it will therefore be up to you professional and responsible operators
know and exploit the potential of these vehicles in compliance with
safety instructions
idem
paolo work
now that you are a professional
you cannot afford to take risks by using a trolley not in
order
the most thorough checks
neofonte of the maintenance staff
but even before starting our work you must make sure that the cart
ross in perfect efficiency
for everything if you are not the only operator that uses
avoid cuts on aggressions when wearing protective gloves
the general emergency switch before each check will avoid
accidental starting of the truck
also disconnect the power cord from the charger
Now you can insert the battery's battery plug
the batteries must always be in order especially the level
water of the elements
but be careful
Strongly corrosive battery fluid so wear gloves
clothing and glasses
be careful with the batteries hf - bracelets or metal tools
you could trigger violent short circuits causing very serious
but you could also cause an explosion
in fact, during charging the batteries develop bold hydrogen
flammable that when combined with oxygen in the air creates a
who can easily explode on contact with a sparkling one
therefore it is forbidden to smoke using open flames or tools that may cause
triggers